  iscuss Linear vs Binary search algorithms
D
What is hash search? Compare it to linear search. Which is more efficient?
Questions
  rite program on reversing a singly linked list
W
Write a C program to sort a singly linked list
Which is more efficient SLL/DLL? 
6   rite a program for traverse doubly link­lIst and sort the data and explain the approach? Hints: In case of input data being supplied to the
W
question, it should be assumed to be a console input.
 
7
8
9
10   here are two Singly Linked Lists with length m and n respectively; and they are intersecting each other. Write a piece of code to find node
T
of intersection.
Given a pointer to node in a Doubly Linked List. Write a piece of code to delete the node.
Given a stack, find an element in the middle position of the stack. Optimize for space.
Implement stack using queue. Also, implement queue using stack.
  1
1
12   ow many type of sortings are there and which is the best one and its complexity. Which sorting algorithm is preferred? Why? Write
H
algorithm for best sorting techniques.
Write a program for traverse doubly link­list and sort the data and Explain the approach?
  3
1
14
15
16
17
18   iven a variable n, create a single linked list of n nodes that link with circular linked list of same number of n nodes such that data in circular
G
linked list should be multiply by 2 w. r. t single linked list of first n nodes.
How to find a loop in singly linked list (minimum number of iterations) in optimized way? How you resolve it?
Difference between single/double/circular linked list
Write a program to delete a centre node in linked list.
Write a function returning a middle node in single linked list?
Implement the quick sort. Compare quick sort with other sorting method and explain the differences
  9
1
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31   hat is hashing technique? Describe in brief. 
W
What is hash table? (Data Structure) Please write an example hash table code using "C" and explain
Write a application for queue with program. Also, what do you mean by priority queue ?
Write a program to print leaf node in binary tree?
What is BFS and DFS?
Write a progam to insert a node in singly linked list? 
Write a program to insert node after nth node using SLL
Delete a node in a linked list program??
Write linked list structure and find middle node of list
Find if single or double linked list is circular or not
Having list with some number of elements and try to add the elements at the starting without using attributes and loops?
list containing 1's and 0's and try to find the count of 1's without travelling into the list?
Write a logic for reversing doubly linked list
Write algorithm to swap head pointers of 2 Singly Linked Lists
 
47  2
3
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
  wapping of two linked lists with out using other linked list?
S
Write a code for sorting the numbers using double linked list?
What is the algorithm used to store the huge data efficiently?
Write a program to reverse the number in singly linked list in ascending order. Write a C program to reverse a doubly linked list.
Binary search tree (create N nodes, traversing, display)
Sort a given linked list using changing nodes.
Delete an element in BST.
How to find minimum number in the list?
Write a program for Bubble sort
What type of memory allocation is referred for Linked lists?
Describe what is Node in link list? And name the types of Linked lists?
Mention what is the difference between Linear Array and Linked list?
Mention the steps to insert data at the starting of a singly linked list?
Mention the steps to insert data at middle of a singly linked list?
Create a custom malloc and free function using linked lists  
Write a function to reverse a singly linked list, where pointer to head is the function parameter and new head is the return value:
struct node
{
   int data ;
   struct node *next;
};
struct node * reverse_list(struct node * head) 
{
...
... 
}
